hey so I went to all day yesterday and I
bought like five things so I just kind
of wanted to share that and then I have
a really cool giveaway that me and
Chelsea kind of made and it's like a
grab bag giveaway so I'm going to talk
to you about that too and if you hear
any weird grunting noises in the
background that would be my child who's
like hanging out in her little bean bag
on the floor so don't what don't mind
that so I ulta i went to ulta because i
wanted to exchange something i had
bought and I talked to you guys before
my last alcohol the bare minerals bare
skin foundation serum foundation and
I've gotten Oh bless you I have gotten
the shade 03 and at the time it looked
ok I'd been the Sun more off and then
and it was like a little bit yellow
looks a lot yet more yellow on camera I
know that then it did in person but I
wanted to see how a different shade
would look and so I got the bear
porcelain 01 shade and I like a lot more
i have it on right now and i also got
the perfecting face brush that goes with
it and this kind of interesting if you
could see its got like a dip in the
center and so I asked the sales
associate how you're supposed to use it
and she said you shake me serum
foundation and you do they say to do one
drop at a time I didn't do one drop at a
time I did like three um but I used a
lot less than I think I did before and I
like it a lot more so this brush she was
even telling me she didn't really like
this brush but i think that the brush
actually I was thinking that the brush
was kind of gimmicky and it wasn't gonna
make a difference but I do actually like
it and then i also got from bareMinerals
this a marvelous moxie it's this really
cool holographic lip gloss and so i
really wanted to get it um i have it on
right now i really like it it's very
slick so it's not sticky at all but of
course like these ones are always so
like you see him in the container and
you're like oh my gosh it's so cool you
put it on and you can't really tell but
I like the way it feels this one is just
so neat because it looks like pink but
then like it will turn like purple and
blue and it's fancy
I also got this nail brush because my
nails have been so long since I am
pregnant and I just kind of left them
since I'm not pregnant anymore obviously
and then I got some Emery boards because
yes they're longer but they also are
like not even in stuff and so I need to
be better at that because I'm usually
not I don't pay attentions male 1 over
this long the last thing i got was the
lorac Pro palette 2 i'm even open to
this yet but I got it because I mean
it's the new hip thing to get so I
really wanted to try it and yeah i don't
know if i'll do a review i might do a
review on it but I'm definitely gonna
start using it to kind of do looks on my
blog I really want to start doing like
eyes of the day or look of the day on my
blog because in all honesty I really
haven't been doing makeup since when I
was pregnant really didn't do much
makeup and then since I had viola I
really haven't either and so I want to
start getting back in the swing of
things so I want to start doing like my
makeup everyday and so I'm going to post
the results of that on my blog but the
colors here are still like neutrally
shades but they're definitely different
from the first lark palette but it's
nice because it still has that same like
very compact very sleek look that the
first pro palette had that's pretty much
my whole like I said it's very small but
the main reason for this video is I did
want to talk to you about a giveaway
that I am doing so this is Christmas in
July so original I know but recently
Chelsea and I my sister went through my
makeup and found a lot of stuff that
hadn't been opened hadn't been used and
a lot of like makeup bags so we kind of
made 13 grab bags so we're gonna have 13
prizes and they are all different shapes
and sizes so it's totally you gamble and
I can move my camera you could see I've
got this huge box and it's got all of
these different sized bags in it and
there's all sorts of stuff and they're
all unopened in this 10
nope yeah there's just this one as you
can see it's just we just filled up
these bags and put all sorts of
different stuff in them and thought it'd
be a really fun giveaway and so they are
all different sizes they all have
different things some have little things
somehow big things it's all random
nothing is really set in any way shape
or form so the way that you can enter is
like all of my giveaways really easy you
just can go to xsparkage com there'll be
a link below and there will be a form
that you can fill out you can enter a
lot of different ways as many as you
want or as little as you want from
leaving a blog post comment to all sorts
of stuff like following me on twitter
follow me on facebook on instagram like
sharing stuff there's all sorts of
different ways that you can enter it's
pretty simple so it's open
internationally it doesn't matter where
you live you can enter this giveaway and
there will be 13 different winners so
this is gonna go today's Tuesday I'll go
till the end of July we'll do that the
31st which i believe is next Wednesday
yes so good luck hope you enter a really
easy giveaway and yeah thank you guys so
much for watching and for subscribing
and I will talk to you soon